Updated code to reflect guest book sign in additions (#852)
near/docs: docs/tutorials/contracts/guest-book.md

  const signIn = () => {
    wallet.requestSignIn(
      nearConfig.contractName, //contract requesting access

>       'NEAR Guest Book', //optional name
>       null, //optional URL to redirect to if the sign in was successful
>       null //optional URL to redirect to if the sign in was NOT successful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      'NEAR Guest Book', // name of dApp requesting access (optional)
      null, // sign-in success URL (optional)
      null // sign-in failure URL (optional)
```
